About Us:
Our company has been in manufacturing, trading and exports since 1992 and is promoted by principal Director promoter Mr. Rajesh Bhagat.
Brands UV Pure and UV swatch are trade mark's owned by the company.
The company is manufacturing various products using UV germicidal lamps for “Swachh Bharat” and “Swasth Bharat” using technology from Germany, Poland and USA and manufacturing in India. 
Principal promoter of the company is Ar Rajesh Bhagat who has been in
business of manufacturing, trading and exports for over 30 years.

Dr. Monica Bhagat one of the promoters of the company with
professional experience of over 30 years.

Er. Rahat Bhagat the Marketing Director, done Engineering from Sheffield UK and MBA from Lancaster University. 

Er.Raghav Bhagat is an alumnus of IIT (Delhi) and is the technical and
Design Director. He is also promoter of Austin UVPuretech, Tx, USA.

Mrs. Priyanka Khanna is the Director Admin.
Stuti Ajmani is Director strategies ans sales.

We have the team of highly qualified engineers from well reputed colleges.
Our Motto: 
1.	To symbolize the best incorporate philosophies, a pioneering innovative approach through indigenously developed expertiese.
2. To have highly professional and motivated team.
3. To use excellent infrastruacture facilities in ulltimate goal of customers' satisfaction ln quality and reliability.
Delivery:

We lay a lot of emphasis on time. we follow just in time. we follow just in time delivery schedule with most of our customers, we keep track records of their production schedule, despatch on time according to customers' requirement.

Design & development :

We have a fully designing team which day to day work on different projects of our company, we always try to give to our customer the best.


Quality Objectives:

1. To upgrade skill of our team members through strict compliance to training schedule.
2. To reduce customer complaints through effective in-house inspection.
3. To Provide on time delivery of products to our customers.
4. To continually enhance customer satisfaction by meeting their ever-changing requirements.

UP Pure ~ quality mind:

1. Quality First, Quality First, Quality First
2. Quality First, Production must
3. Our target "Zero" defect.
4. Quality begins with us
5. Customer is the final judge of Quality.
6. Stick to the quality basics
7. Our goal is to supply international quality and reliability products to our customers satisfaction.