FAQs
Question. How much is power output in Watt?
Answer: Its output watt is 11.
Question: Could you suggest some protective gear like goggles as this UV-C harmful and reflect on surface of floors?
Answer: If you are using UV glass than it is good for your eyes.
Question: Can it be used for sanitization of fruits, groceries and other directly consumable items? 
Answer: Yes, it can be used for sanitization of fruits, groceries and other directly consumable items. Require time to sanitize the item is depends on its properties or surface area.
Question: Is it alright to use this to sanitize for wires or electronic appliances extension cords and switch board. 
Answer: Yes, we can use it for any kind of item to sanitize. Example shoes, floor, dining table, bed, sofa, vegetables, cloths, etc. all kind of item you can sanitize.

Question: Can it be used over a person’s clothes at the entry of shop/mall etc? 
Answer: Yes, it can be used over a person's clothes at the entry of a shop/mall etc.
Question: How to operate it? What safety measure we need to take? How long we need to show on objects? 
Answer: Just plug in and there is small switch on handle, switch that on and apply on surface which you want to sterilizer, and for time, if you apply slowly for 10 seconds and hold over the object the work will done, just you should take precaution of your skin and eyes.
Question: Is there warranty period? 
Answer: We provide 6 months Warranty.
Question: How long I need to leave the light UV on the product I want to disinfect to have the best result of 99,9% ?
Answer:  It depends upon the different items, but as per research mostly all kinds of surface can be disinfected max in 10 seconds. And please take care of direct contact of EYE and skin.
Question: How much time it takes to sanitize the one room or take an example of bed and clothes, almirah? 
Answer: It will take approx,45 minutes to disinfect 150 sq feet area room.

Question: Where it in manufactured?
Answer: It is manufactured in India “Made in India” product.
Question: Is UV-C Disinfection system safe for home use?
Answer: The UV-C Disinfection system incorporates certain safety measures for use by humans, which measures are detailed in the various safety instructions mentioned in the user manual. Auto cut of feature is provided to avoid accidental UV-C radiation exposure for the user, never bypass the door switch or use the system with damaged front glass.

Question: For what products can I use UV-C Disinfection system? Will it disinfect the items from inside?
Answer: The device is useful for surface disinfection, i.e. surface at which the UV-C radiation fall will be disinfected, items inside packaging, cover, utensils will not be disinfected, as UV-C rays will not travel through any surface including metal, plastic or even glass.

Question: Which part of the items will be disinfected?
Answer: The surfaces of object receiving UV-C light will be disinfected, UV-C Disinfection system has special coating inside which helps UV-C radiation to get reflected from the walls of the product.

Question: Is the visible blue light the UV-C radiation?
Answer: The Philips UV-C lamp inside the product emits UV-C radiation as well as a blue glow visible to user. The blue light indicates that the disinfection operation is in process. The light visible to the eye is not UV-C (human eye cannot see UV-C radiation).

Question: Do we need to evacuate the room while using the system?
Answer: No, UV-C Disinfection system is fitted with special glass door which blocks and contains UV-C radiation within the UV-C Disinfection system, keeping UV-C radiation in safer limits and thus there is no need to evacuate the room while using the system. Only visible light passes through the glass door, which is not harmful in any way.
Note- Never bypass the door protection switch or use device
with a damaged door.

Question: Can water be purified using UV-C Disinfection system?
Answer: The device is effective for surface disinfection of objects and not for treating drinking water.

Question: Can the UV-C Disinfection system disinfect my mobile/ electronic items?
Answer: Yes, the system can be used to disinfect electronic items like mobile, laptop, iPad/ tablet, etc.

Question: How can I service the UV-C Disinfection system?
Answer: The UV-C Disinfection system contains no user serviceable parts and for service-related query please contact authorized service team.

Question: Can the product be used for disinfecting packed frozen food like Ice-cream?
Answer: Yes, the system does not heat the object being disinfected, it can disinfect packed items in matter of minutes.

Question: For how long can I expose any item to UV radiations?
Answer: Expose the items to the radiations as per recommended time. Longer the exposer better is the disinfection. Repeated usage over a long time may result in some discoloration and change
in surface property of objects.

Question: Can the product be used to sterilize medical products/ equipment?
Answer: Device should not be used for sterilization/ disinfection of surgical tools and medical equipment.